What's New 108, Experiments 109/107 (#2319)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/devtools-guide-chromium/whats-new/2022/12/devtools-108.md

To download Microsoft Edge WebDriver on Apple M1 devices:
1. In Microsoft Edge, go to `edge://version`, and note the full version number.
1. Go to [Microsoft Edge WebDriver](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/tools/webdriver/).
1. Find the version of Microsoft Edge WebDriver that matches your specific version of Microsoft Edge, and then click the **Mac M1** download link:

![WebDriver version numbers for download](./devtools-108-images/webdriver-versions.png)

Thank you for your feedback on this issue!

See also:
* [Use WebDriver to automate Microsoft Edge](../../../../webdriver-chromium/index.md)
* [Microsoft Edge WebDriver](https://developer.microsoft.com/microsoft-edge/tools/webdriver/)
* [Issue #17: No support for Apple silicon?](https://github.com/MicrosoftEdge/EdgeWebDriver/issues/17)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Improved DevTools navigation via Command Palette

<!-- Subtitle: This update fixes a bug related to opening DevTools from the Command Palette in Microsoft Edge. -->

> The Microsoft Edge Command Palette is an experimental feature that allows users to perform common tasks in Microsoft Edge.  In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, DevTools-related commands for opening subpanel tabs within a tool didn't navigate to the correct tool.  This update fixes this bug, improving the usability of commands such as **Sources: Show Snippets**:

Author: incorp'd suggested change, though using 'tab' b/c >> UI for Styles and Snippets reads "More tabs"

> The Microsoft Edge Command Palette is an experimental feature that allows users to perform common tasks in Microsoft Edge.  In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, some DevTools-related commands for opening subpanels (tabs) within a tool didn't navigate to the correct tool as expected.  This update fixes this bug, improving the usability of commands such as **Sources: Show Snippets**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Microsoft Edge Command Palette is an experimental feature that allows users to perform common tasks in Microsoft Edge.  In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, DevTools-related commands for opening subpanel tabs within a tool didn't navigate to the correct tool as expected.  This update fixes this bug, improving the usability of commands such as **Sources: Show Snippets**:
```

Requesting this change because I think most readers will think of tabs as tools, whereas this change refers specifically to subpanels within a tool.

![Command Palette](./devtools-108-images/command-palette.png)

Now, when you select **Sources: Show Snippets**, the **Sources** tool opens with the **Snippets** tab selected:

![Snippets tab of the Sources tool opened from Command Palette](./devtools-108-images/command-palette-opened-snippets.png)

See also:

> * [Run commands via keyboard with Command Palette](../../../experimental-features/edge-command-palette.md)

Author: tips on entering links: @zoherghadyali 
There are several possible patterns, some only partly work.  Bad pattern provided partly works - it needs .md included, error reporting will partly miss, partly report that.  In .md file in VS Code, use path completion by typing (./  or type . at end of path and then select .foo.md which appears in popup list.  Ctrl+click link to confirm that it works.

I typed . at end of path, selected the filename that included .md:
* [Run snippets of JavaScript on any webpage](../../../javascript/snippets.md)
That proves it's valid but then I ctrl+click to test.  Gets rid of doc build warning.

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## Better support for high contrast mode in DevTools

<!-- Subtitle: High Contrast Mode fixes. -->

> We've fixed a few issues of Developer Tools in High Contrast mode that makes it easier for you to navigate. High Contrast mode is an accessibility feature of Windows that allows you to differentiate more easily between different sections of the UI.

Author: Probably resolved.  See latest version:
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer/pull/2319/files
Present comment thread is Outdated.

![Edge DevTools tabs in High Contrast mode](./devtools-108-images/high-contrast-mode-vscode.png)
<!-- steps for screenshot: bug report PR 7911593 -->

See also:
* [Microsoft Edge DevTools extension for Visual Studio Code](../../../../visual-studio-code/microsoft-edge-devtools-extension.md)

<!-- ====================================================================== -->
## In Focus Mode, disabling JavaScript now produces a warning icon for the Sources tool

<!-- Subtitle: The Sources tool in Focus Mode will warn you when you disable JavaScript in the DevTools. -->

In previous versions of Microsoft Edge, in Focus Mode, disabling JavaScript in the DevTools didn't produce a visual indication in the **Sources** tool.  In Microsoft Edge version 107, this issue has been fixed.  Disabling JavaScript will now produce a warning icon (![JavaScript Disabled warning icon](./devtools-108-images/javascript-disabled-warning-icon.png)) next to the **Sources** tool icon on the Activity Bar.

> 

Author: Added such steps.

<!-- Subtitle: High Contrast Mode fixes. -->

We've fixed a few issues with Developer Tools in High Contrast mode that makes it easier for you to navigate the UI.  High Contrast mode is an accessibility feature of Windows that allows you to differentiate more easily between different sections of the UI.

In previous releases of Microsoft Edge, when using High Contrast mode, sometimes there was low contrast in the DevTools UI, such as right-click menus; icons for more information about issues; hovering over list items; error message text; or links.  For example, in the **Elements** tool, some tabs had dark text on a dark background:

![DevTools tabs with low-contrast text in High Contrast mode](./devtools-108-images/high-contrast-mode-low-contrast.png)
<!-- Desert theme, Edge 107 -->

The UI controls now have high contrast:

![DevTools tabs now have high-contrast text in High Contrast mode](./devtools-108-images/high-contrast-mode-high-contrast.png)
<!-- Desert theme, Edge 109 -->

See also:
* [Apply a color theme to DevTools](../../../customize/theme.md)
* [Check for contrast issues with dark theme and light theme](../../../accessibility/test-dark-mode.md)

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [Change color contrast in Windows](https://support.microsoft.com/windows/change-color-contrast-in-windows-fedc744c-90ac-69df-aed5-c8a90125e696)
```
